RHIDP-12605: Phase 2 Homepage - persona support and related RBAC (#2153)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-arrange-homepage-card-layouts-to-optimize-visual-organization.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="arrange-homepage-card-layouts-to-optimize-visual-organization_{context}"]
= Arrange homepage card layouts to optimize visual organization

[role="_abstract"]

> Arrange homepage card layouts and integrate specialized cards by using the 12-column grid system to optimize visual organization and create effective user experiences across different screen sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrange and customize homepage card layouts to ensure your content scales correctly across different screen sizes.
```
